I'm not gonna cry. Okay.
>> Please don't cry.
>> We made an agreement. I wouldn't cry.
>> Can I walk out?
>> I've obviously gotten a lot of hate.
[music] I work with my daughter. So,
you're just set up for, oh, you're a bad
guy. You're keeping all the money.
You're exploiting her. That really
hurts. How much money does Sish keep?
[music] What's the percent?
>> I think it's a lot harder to ask my like
own dad for [music] money.
>> It's the elephant in the room. It's
really important to address this subject
head on.
>> On Famous Birthdays, [music] the search
engine for Jenzie, you've become more
popular than Taylor Swift.
>> Yeah, that's pretty crazy. She filled
Metife Stadium. She got 87,000 people
there. That was a moment.
>> We got a lot of hate. It was deserved a
little bit. All I wanted to do was go
outside and say like, "I'm [music] so
sorry."
>> Do you feel disrespected?
>> I feel ignored. We have built one of the
very top channels. When we go like this,
it won't happen again.
>> I had a chance to be behind the scenes
for one of your biggest shoots. [music]
>> She just pulled me offside. She said,
"Dad, whatever's going on with you, you
got to get it together."
>> Wow. Put me in my place. What are you
guys doing to make sure you don't hate
each other? [music]
>> I saw Tik Toks like, "Why is she being
so rude to her dad?" And I was like, "Oh
my gosh." Like
>> that that hit me.
>> Do you think you'll ever call [music] it
quits or
>> I mean, God,
>> thanks for coming on the show. U and S,
I have to say thank you. I I think this
is the first ever long form podcast
you've ever done.
>> Yeah, definitely.
>> Yeah. Well, here's some stats that are
just blowing my mind right now. So, you
guys are one of the top five YouTube
channels in the entire US across the
platform. You're the top female channel
in the US on YouTube. 87,000 people came
to see you at the American Dream All,
which is far more than when Mr. Beast
debuted Beastburger. [snorts] And
Salish, you've become more popular than
Taylor Swift. Like, on Famous Birthdays,
which is the search engine for Gen Z,
and people rank who's most popular. It
gets about 25 to 30 million views. um
per month. The only people who have ever
been ranked number one, this is a crazy
list. I was looking up Justin Bieber,
Charlie D'Amelio,
Queen Elizabeth in 2022 when she passed.
Uh Taylor Swift, and now Salish Matter.
[laughter]
>> Yeah, that's pretty crazy. But I want to
jump right into it because there there's
there's a lot of commentary about family
channels, kid influencers, and
a lot of the successful like creators
and child actors like it's not always
the same story when they get older.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and I'm curious like what are you
guys doing to make sure you don't hate
each other when you get older? You know,
I I just gonna ask it like because this
is a rocket ship that you're both on.
Yeah.
>> And in many ways ahead of like what's
happening in traditional media.
>> Um I'm just wondering what are the
conversations that you guys have about
that as you're kind of on this
trajectory that nobody's ever seen
before on YouTube.
>> But do you want to take it? [laughter]
Like I don't there's a lot.
>> Yeah. That that could that we could do a
whole podcast just on this topic to be
honest. I talked to Brooklyn and Bailey
about that. Uh OG YouTubers that were
grew up on camera. So, I asked them how
to do it right. And they gave me three
pieces of advice. Uh, number one, pay
her well because she'll know someday if
you didn't.
>> Uh, two, uh, never force her to do
anything. And three, let her be a kid.
>> And I've followed that advice. And so,
we've we've really established, you
know, uh, investments for her. They come
from the revenue from the channel. And
she's very familiar with that as much as
she wants to be.
>> Really,
>> you're doing okay.
>> You're doing [laughter] okay. and um she
has all the decision-m power about brand
deals, whether or not she wants to do
them, uh content, whether or not she
wants to do it.
>> What are those conversations like about
like the money and and the success? Like
how how do you guys like talk about that
in addition to the content?
>> Well, I first of all, it's it's there's
two different accounts. One when she
turns 18, that's the Kugan account, and
then the the second one when she turns
25 is the majority of the revenue from
the channel. So that's a that's 10 years
away still, right? Kind of hard to like
she gets more excited. Chipotle recent
tell her about the Chipotle and how
excited you got.
>> Okay. Well, like Chipotle is like my
favorite like food and they DM'd me and
sent me like a card where I get 50 free
meals which is like crazy and I was
really happy about that.
>> So [laughter] you see how much she beams
but if I say okay so this month the
revenue is this you made this. like
great like the [snorts] because it's so
far away whereas that Chipotle card she
could take it right now and use it. So
so so the the more immediate stuff is
what is the revenue being generated
right now to go into her account right
now. But the bigger picture for me is
what what are the assets and what are
the investments going forward that
she'll have when she gets older.
>> Yeah. And the Kugan account for people
who don't know is something that was set
up because traditional Hollywood a lot
of child actors were making money but
then taken advantage of by their
parents. So I believe it's 15% that
>> it's 15% but it's the way the Kougan
account works is that it's 50 if she if
she was an actress she'd have a normal
salary
>> right and then of that salary she would
be guaranteed 15% through the cougan
account that means the other 85% could
go to the parents and they'd never give
it. So, it's not really the ideal
situation
>> for us. It's a different thing. There
isn't anything set up for YouTube at all
influencers because 15% of what the
gross of the channel, the net of the
channel, or her percentage.
>> So, we're way more generous to her than
California is forcing us to be. So, the
Cougen account is just one aspect of it
that will enable her to have money when
she's going to college, but most of it
is when she turns 25.
>> Yeah. And and are is there like if you
wanted to buy something right now sish
like could you like tap into that? Is
that for later? Like how does that work?
Like can you buy anything you want right
now? Like
>> well like I can buy things to a certain
extent. Like I feel like I'm pretty
cautious with money because I don't want
to waste all my money but like I get
paid a certain amount per video and then
I have that to just spend whenever I
want like to go get food with my friends
or go shopping and all of that.
>> Yeah. That's different from that. That's
a a a amount that we agreed upon and
then she this okay this is salor in a
nutshell.
>> Yeah.
>> So she was making $100 per video from
the beginning
>> and we drew up a contract. So it was
hundred and then at some point I said do
you think you should get more money and
she's like no. I said okay look at the
channel and look at the direction the
channel's going in. Don't you think
since you're pretty much the star of the
channel that you've earned an increase?
No. She doesn't think so. But eventually
we met at 150. She started feeling bad
about that. So she's knocked it back
down to 100 because she's like, "Well,
I'm having fun and you guys do most of
the work during the week, so I don't
really deserve 150." So she's given
herself a pay reduction [laughter]
>> because I feel bad
>> she's generating the revenue. I mean,
there's no way to argue it. I'm getting
money for when I'm older. And like when
I'm older, I actually need that money to
like live and just like do the things I
want to do, but right now I don't need
money. Like I would like it, but I don't
need it, you know? So, I feel bad. I
don't want to make you pay me extra. S I
I do want to talk more about the
allowance thing or the the payment per
video because my understanding from that
is like knowing your self-worth, you
know, and and asking almost like if
you're in a job for a raise or like, you
know, knowing like, hey, like cuz is
that is that the reason you want her to
ask for something? Is that the thinking
behind it?
>> All of it is built into that. Yeah.
>> But also, I think it's a lot harder to
ask my like own dad for money. Like I
don't know. I've always hated it. Like
even since I was like like nine and I
wasn't on the channel yet and I wanted
like a toy. Like I don't like asking for
like money. Like I feel like I would be
better with asking for money from an
actual like my actual boss, you know?
>> Mhm.
>> Like it's awkward asking you like, "Hey,
can I have $100?"
>> Again, you know, you've completely
earned it and far beyond that.
>> I know. But still,
>> why not just give her like the, "Hey, no
questions asked. Here's the money." And
and I assume like, have you ever seen
the YouTube studio of how much the
videos make?
>> Yes. [laughter]
sailor like $100 is like a a like such a
tiny percent. No.
>> Yes, it is. But I feel like um like we I
only shoot one day a week and [gasps]
the entire team sets up for the videos
like the entire week. So I feel like I
just feel bad for not like helping more
and I don't know.
>> But the videos can't exist without you.
>> I know. But yeah,
>> you sound like me right now.
>> She eventually gets paid. Of course she
does. I mean it's not like she's
>> runs out of money completely. can't go
to Starbucks with her friends. I'm like,
"Well, you didn't ask." I mean,
eventually she's like, "Oh, yeah. I
didn't get paid." I'm like, "Okay, how
much was that?" We look back. She has an
incentive clause with a one out of 10.
>> If it's a one out of 10, she gets a
boost. So, she So, that's the only time
she cares about a ranking. She's like,
"Yes, one out [laughter] of 10." So, she
knows.
>> We had like three one out of 10.
>> Yeah, we had a good run recently. You
you got banked recently. [laughter]
>> Um, so it sounds like that that is like
the weekly pay per video. And then
there's those two accounts that you
mentioned.
And again, I
talk about this
>> and I appreciate you guys talking
to people who are at the top. Um, and
just it's interesting to hear about how
you guys do it. So, you you guys have
two accounts for Salish like how much
money does Salish keep? Like what what's
the percent like? Can you get tell us
more about those two accounts?
>> I I can't say the exact percentage of
the total, but I can say it's it's a
good it's a very healthy chunk. The the
way it works is 15% of her total goes to
the Kugan account. That all goes to when
she's 18 and then all the 85% that's
remaining plus 100% of brand deals goes
to her when she's 25. And then when the
brand deal comes, she has a choice about
whether or not to do the brand deal or
not. And we discuss very specifically
this is the offer and here's how much it
will probably be by the time you're 25.
And then she'll say usually, "Okay,
unless it's like, well, I don't want to
play with dolls anymore." And she's
passed a lot of brand deals because
>> there there's been an incredible amount
of stuff that she's turned down. She
turned down movies so that she doesn't
have to miss school for a month.
>> Yeah,
>> she usually turns down everything
[laughter] to be honest.
>> Is it hard when s you turn down a huge
deal?
>> I think I've turned down how many
movies? Like not very many. just like
>> well two but you're 15 and you're not an
actor so
>> yes that's a lot [laughter] but I've
turned down two movies and I feel like
those were kind of hard to turn down but
I do just want to stay like in school
and I want to stay in my sports and like
with my friends and I feel like that's
not too hard of a decision a decision to
make for me
>> but it was kind of hard like
>> you know one of the things that I think
happens a lot and again it's my
responsibility my wife's responsibility
it's us to talk about this and help
guide her. She's not an adult, right?
But I think a lot of people what they do
is when they are working with their kid,
they see it as a moment and the moment's
going to be over and we got to cash out
before it's over. Oh, life is hard. Like
we got to we got to save as much money
as we can because like if you're not
popular anymore. And I see it all the
time. And so then the the parents are
just driving their kids to take every
opportunity to make as much money as
possible, which of course uh speeds up
their their demise really because then
people just see them as like cashing
out.
>> Um the way I see it with Salish is if
she chooses to given the platform she
has, she has a long career ahead of her.
There's no reason to rush and do stuff
now that she doesn't want to do so that
she can get extra money when maybe her
living her life as a child and enjoying
that is going to be much more
financially rewarding later because
she'll have those experiences to draw
on.
>> So, I just I don't I don't feel like
short I think it's very short-term
thinking to think and and you see this a
lot with Tik Tok kids
>> a lot, right? like
>> they can't make monetize Tik Tok. So
they do every brand deal, every collab
under the sun. Before you know it, their
Tik Toks twothirds of them are brand
deals
>> and then what made them popular is gone
in exchange for what makes them wealthy.
>> Yeah. But that's so much harder done
than said. Like I I have this photo of
you, Jordan, um from I think I don't
know how long ago. I don't want to date
anyone, but um I'm just wondering like
it took you a while to start making
money as a photographer, right? And like
like get started, get your career. Um
and I'm wondering like
>> was it hard to get money where you were
at this age? Have you seen this photo,
Salish?
>> Like such an embarrassing [laughter]
photo.
>> Like were you were you making a lot of
money when you were younger and trying
to make it as a creator and a
photographer like in your in your early
days?
>> No. I mean, I was in my early days, I
was sleeping on friends couches. What my
story is, I wanted to be a photographer,
but there were a lot of them. I had no
experience doing it. I was a waiter at
the time and trying to be an actor. My
wife got accepted to vet school. She's
my girlfriend at the time. So, she went
off to Canada and I was living alone in
New York. I didn't have enough money to
pay for the rent of our apartment alone.
So, I started sleeping on friends
couches and also wanted to be a
photographer at that time. So, I started
taking I took I took all the money I had
to take a photography course. So I had
no money left. So I was really kind of
buming around with friends, sleeping on
the couches trying to build a
photography career. So it was a long
time before I had any sort of disposable
income.
>> And that doesn't live with you as you
see the dollar amounts that come in for
your daughter.
>> Of course it does. Of course it does. I
think we're all stuck at that point in
our lives. like it like there's no doubt
that I I hear the opportunities like,
"Oh my god, it's it's such a different
world than most of us grew up in."
>> Um, but again, I really feel strongly
about uh empowering her to make her own
decisions and and her having the
confidence to do that. As you know,
girls are not often raised to have the
same confidence in their voice as boys
do. Like one thing that I think is
really important is that the whole crew,
they're adults, um, and when when if
Sish is uncomfortable with a moment in
the video and she stops everything, she
says, "I don't want to do that." Nobody
argues or complains. Everybody listens
to what she has to say and then we move
on and we do a different scene that
she's more comfortable with. I think her
just having that weekly um
moment of of of being reminded that her
voice matters as much as everyone else
is in the room is super important.
>> I pulled up this other video. Like
there's a lot out there about, you know,
[snorts] like parent and kid
influencers. Have you guys seen this?
>> Oh, this is the worst. Have you seen
this? Oh, wow. Watch this one. Almost
got to put your
act like you're crying.
>> I am crying.
Go like this.
>> No, mouth. I'm not just using
>> No, I know. But [laughter] go like this
for the video. Go like this. Put one
hand up like this. No, go like this. Put
your hand like this. But let them see
your mouth.
>> Let them see your mouth.
>> I don't know about I'm actually crying.
>> Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Look
at me. Look at me.
>> Okay.
>> I know. Look at me.
>> That's crazy.
>> So, the situation there is that they
filmed a whole video about their dog
dying or being sick or something and
he's legit crying.
>> Yeah.
>> First of all, we would never make that
video. Anyway,
>> so he's legit crying and then
>> they forgot to cut
>> and the way they did thumbnails was
video thumbnail and she left it at the
end of their video. They didn't even cut
it out and then now it's they're done.
But that has become a representation
again along with other stuff of family
channels and of what parents are willing
to do. And if that's all you're exposed
to, it makes perfect sense. Like if
parents are out there forcing their kids
to do stuff they don't want to do,
keeping on the money for themselves,
that's horrible and you'll have to deal
with that later when they grow up. Other
side of it is
if she's a gymnast and I'm encouraging
her to go to a private every day and I'm
taking her an hour early to go to the
meet and I'm really after school every
day I'm forcing her to do her
repetitions. People will say, "You are
teaching her healthy habits. You're
teaching her how to be successful, all
that stuff. But if I'm putting her on
YouTube, I'm exploiting her."
>> Cuz the sport of gymnastics or like that
that trope of a mom or dad doing that is
more known,
>> right? Or exactly. Or how many
conversations were there about the
Stranger Things kids in season 1 being
exploited by their parents? Probably
none. Or being exploited by Netflix.
None. Because they're actors and we're
used to that. The diff the only
difference here is is that I'm a dad on
camera with my daughter and it's our
channel and so therefore it must be
different. But the way I see it is the
same thing. We're not a YouTube channel.
We're a production company. Like when we
make videos that compete with Netflix
viewers. So when we think about our
content, we think about how do we get a
family to sit down on a couch for 30
minutes and watch something like they
would on Netflix, but I want them to
watch us instead. So it's the same
thing, but it's different in the
perception because it's a family
channel. Have you guys had conversations
with other family channels or kid
influencers to set a new standard?
Because there's a documentary on Netflix
about Piper Raquel and the dark side of
kid influencers and do you have strong
opinions about other family channels and
and what's going on in the industry
versus what you guys are doing?
>> So, I feel it's really important to
address this subject headon rather than
um pretending it doesn't exist. It's the
elephant in the room. And I've noticed
that throughout my YouTube career, I I
got for the most part, I got a lot more
respect as a YouTuber when I was a
photographer than I am now.
>> Even though when I was a photographer,
we would average maybe 2 million views.
>> Yeah.
>> Now we average 50.
>> And I think that there's it there's
several reasons why. One is, oh, you're
exploiting your kid,
>> right, for your own monetary gain. And
so therefore, we don't want to uh
celebrate that. Uh number two, it's got
to be easy. She's funny and cute. So
what the heck, right? Like anybody
could, right? So they don't understand
that we are
>> a production company that are aware of
every aspect of the algorithm and
retention and clicks, all of that,
>> six days a week, and that she works her
butt off all day, and that the majority
of what I'm doing financially is to
funnel it towards her when she's older.
Those questions are never asked because
you're just the assumption is that
there's going to be some sort of
negative aspect to it. So the public
perception of it is pretty negative.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's fueled by the few people who
have done it wrong.
>> What are things that you guys are doing
to counteract that?
>> So she she's she's driven every part of
everything is whatever it is that she
makes her happiest is is the decision we
make.
>> Even if that comes out of financial
loss,
>> of course. Yeah. I mean, it's my kid,
you know, like like I've got a I want to
spend my rest of my life like with her
and and having a close connection with
her. If I was to make any choice that
would in any way jeopardize that or or
harm her memory of her childhood,
there's no money that can pay for that.
>> So, the the financial thing is never a
question. Now, I can say that because I
had the great fortune of already being
successful before I brought her on the
channel. So it wasn't like there was
never a situation I hope in which she
felt that it was her burden to carry the
finances of the family because I think
that that's what happens with kid
influencers a lot is
>> they don't have much and then suddenly
the kid becomes famous and there's all
this money coming in and they feel that
responsibility. I've got to keep
generating content because my family
needs me. And then the family is like,
"Wow, we really need this. Like, take
this brand deal. We really need this."
Right. I've never had I've been
fortunate enough to never have to make
that decision, but I'm pretty certain
even if I did, I would never prioritize
finances over her.
>> Yeah. I I'm curious about what the
channel looked like before Salish, you
joined and and became a big part of it
and it almost skyrocketed. I think now
like videos are getting 30 to 40 million
views each. What did the finances look
like before got involved? we were
probably averaging a few million and
then the big ones we get 10 or 20. Now
we average 40 to 50 million per video.
So that's it's it's a significant
change. Yeah.
>> Um before she joined um
>> the revenue was it it was a very I I
don't like to talk about specific
numbers. Uh you know she's a kid. I
don't want to broadcast anything right
but it was a significant yearly salary
per month
>> is is what was happening before Salish
>> like a year for anybody else doing a day
job. Yes. Not for for like what would be
considered a very good salary. Uh you
know that was a monthly revenue
pre-salish.
>> Then what happened was she joined the
views really skyrocketed and also the
length of the videos went up television
viewership went up and as a result uh
there's the revenue is there's better
revenue and she's seeing a big portion
of that.
>> Salish do you have the YouTube studio
app on your phone?
>> No I don't.
>> No. [laughter] Yeah. Wait, I think a fun
game would be I'm gonna open YouTube
Studio for you and see if you have any
clue what that is. But
>> well, I think like my dad talks about
like all of the YouTube Studio stuff
with me and like the money and stuff and
it's crazy, but like I don't have it off
the top of my head.
>> Yeah.
>> The I think one of the things that
really is appealing about Sish is that
she say anything I'm I'm wrong about.
>> Yeah. She really doesn't focus on views
or popularity. As a matter of fact, I
would say if you put a hundred kids her
age in a room, she would be the one that
wants to be famous the least. Would you
agree?
>> Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Really?
>> And the views don't like change your
mind about that. Like a lot of people
may say that then they get the views
that you've gotten.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think that the views are
incredible that we get. It's like
insane. And I'm so grateful for
everybody that watches the videos. And
I'm happy that I've made a little bit of
an impact on people. But I don't really
think about the views. Like I never
really look how many views we have.
>> You'll be like, "We've posted 7 a.m.
Saturday every week for years." And
she'll go, "Wait, did did you post
something this week or what did we
post?"
>> That's because I see like a video on
TikTok. And I'm like, "Wait, I didn't
know that video is coming out this week.
forgot that we even like it's so and I
think that it's such a great thing
because
>> when she's on camera she's not trying to
impress anybody like just whatever man
like whatever like me don't like me I'm
here because I like the crew because I
have fun doing this and
>> if you guys watch it that's awesome if
you don't okay great I would you know so
>> would that be an accurate way right so
so as a result there's there's a real
authenticity
>> to sish that I think is very rare among
on anybody on YouTube, not just kids,
>> because everybody's trying, including
me. I I think I try on camera a lot
harder than she does. And I think she's
just letting the camera come to her and
and doing her thing, and we're all like
working hard. And I think there's a real
It's really cool to watch that.
>> Yeah. I I want to talk about like you on
set cuz like I had a chance to be behind
the scenes for one of your biggest
shoots of the year. And I have a clip
here that I wanted to share. We'll get
right back to it, but I want to thank
today's sponsor, Thinkic, who actually
helped build my Insider Accelerator
course for creators. And not only is
their product great because of how easy
it is to use, but how you can tailor fit
it to your brand. And they just launched
a new update that makes it even easier
to sell to groups, teams, or companies,
especially if you sell courses,
trainings, or any other kind of digital
product. And with their group order
feature, you can now enroll entire teams
into your course or community without
any extra admin work. And they've also
built invoicing right into their
platform. So you don't have to deal with
manual tracking or endless back and
forth email. So if you're a creator, a
coach, a speaker, a trainer selling your
expertise, this is one of the easiest
ways to scale. Plus, Thinkific already
gives you tools like abandoned cart
emails, gifting, flexible payments.
Basically, the whole ecom stack to help
you earn [music] more. Just go to the
link below or scan the QR code to check
it out. And thank you again to Thinkic
for sponsoring this video. And now back
to it. And I was amazed at how vocal you
were. Uh, Sailor, if you want to play
this clip.
>> Did you do your hair this morning? It
looks so bad. I
>> forgot about this.
>> That's cool.
>> We're about to film in two minutes.
>> Dad, I'm not trying to be rude. It just
doesn't look like you did it. Like, it's
all over the place. Can I fix it,
please?
>> No, please. Cuz there's lots of hair.
No, if you fix it,
>> I'm not going to do anything.
>> Please, please don't. I don't want to do
this.
>> Can you hold my phone, please?
>> I don't No, because you don't
understand.
>> I'm not going to do anything. I know how
to do hair.
>> Rowan.
>> No. Oh my god. No. No. You're kid. All
the hairspray.
>> Stop. [snorts]
>> I don't have more. That looks a lot
better.
>> Either it looks just the exact same or
she messed it up in a way. I've got to
go fix it.
>> Pause. We need 15 minutes. I got to go
fix my hair now. Oh, no. That looks
better.
>> Okay, we're good.
>> So, who has more control on a set?
>> Well, definitely me. Like it's not even
I don't even know if I have any control
>> because I think like sometimes my dad
doesn't understand that like some things
he sometimes wants me to say. It's just
like who would say that dad? Like
>> like what what's an example?
>> So I think like two years ago I in every
single one of my videos I would hit my
dad or I would call him old and I would
just be like it seemed like I was being
very rude to him. And as I got a little
bit older, I just kind of stopped like I
just don't hit him anymore. I don't
really call him like old you, you know?
And I don't know. I feel like I just
kind of told him, "Dad, that's so weird.
Like why would I be hitting you at 14
years old?"
>> But why were you hitting him initially?
Just cuz that was something you were
doing when you were younger or like
what?
>> Yeah, I think I did that a lot when I
was like 11, 10, just like kind of
playing around with my dad. And then I
got older and I saw Tik Toks like, "Why
is she being so rude to her dad? Why is
she hitting him?" And I was like, "Oh my
gosh." Like I never interpreted it in
that way.
>> And so there is an impact, right?
Obviously, she's going to see that stuff
and that's going to have an impact on on
how she wants to behave. But also, she
was evolving to a place where she
doesn't smack me as much anymore now,
like off camera. Like maybe I'll get a
pinch instead or a look or eye roll or
something cuz she's getting older. But
when she joined the channel and she was
that age, there was a lot of beating me
up stuff. Anybody who's got a daughter
at that age knows that that's kind of
how they communicate.
>> Um, and so, but when we would put it in
the video, the thing that I thought I
felt really bad about was the old thing
because
>> yes, every time like I used to call my
dad old as like a joke and I really
didn't mean it in a rude way. It would
just be a joke. And I feel like a lot of
like daughters do that with their dads.
And then people would come up to him and
be like, "You're so old." Or they would
come up to me and they would be like,
"Your dad is so old." And I would feel
so bad because I just I felt very bad
that like people were just calling my
dad old. And they weren't doing it
because they actually thought he was old
probably. They were kind of just doing
it
>> cuz you had done it.
>> Cuz Yeah.
>> She had said it was okay. So then the
joke was, "Oh, you're old." And so she
said she wanted to stop saying that. But
the the thing that I felt really bad
about that often times in those scenes
I'd be like, "Oh, this would be funny if
you called me old now."
>> So, I'd almost queued it up for her and
then it came out of a place she used to
tease me about that.
>> Yeah.
>> But, you know, we made it a much bigger
thing on the channel. And then she took
the hit even though it was our choice to
leave it in the edit. It was almost my
choice to encourage her to do it.
>> And then people the narrative became
she's not grateful.
>> He had a hard childhood.
>> Oh, you know, things changed. Dar did a
video about me
>> that was about my childhood Dar man
>> and childhood wasn't ideal. It was
pretty rough. And yours? Yeah. Yeah. So,
as a as a result, um there was a lot of
sympathy for me, which was really sweet
because nobody knew anything about my
childhood. And they're like, "Oh, I see
now he's that's why he wants to give her
the childhood he never had." And then
they were playing back the old stuff of
her calling me old and beating me up.
And like, see, she's ungrateful and he
went through so much hardship to give
her everything and now she doesn't care.
>> And it's just such an unfair narrative
that would it really upset me. So, so
fortunately, we've kind of gotten
through that part now.
>> Yeah. Uh, still obviously as you saw on
set, a lot of teasing, but there's no
way to take that out because that's our
entire relationship.
>> So, if we take that out, it's very
inauthentic.
>> Yeah. It's interesting to see your
content and like how it's aging up as
you age up. Salish. Um, I pulled some
stats and you had a challenge video that
you guys like put out and that one got 8
million views. A ton. Um, and it was a 8
out of 10. So, it was like of the
>> Was that of the first week?
>> Yeah. And then you guys put out a dating
video that got 23 million views and it
was a two out of 10. It was your second
best performing video.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you feel pressure from the YouTube
algorithm? Like do you feel pressure to
monetize your personal life? Like given
the like success of these videos? I
mean,
>> yeah,
>> it's hard not to either consciously or
subconsciously feel swayed
>> by seeing those things. I'm wondering
>> how do you guys like think about that,
seeing these numbers? Well, I definitely
know that people like care more about
like, oh, who's she dating or who's she
talking to or whatever than like me like
hiding in a pool. But I don't really
care at all. Like I love doing videos
with my friends. I love doing it with
Ko, Nidal, Payton, Tsunami, like all of
them. And I actually ask my dad like,
"Hey, can we do a video with Nidal? Hey,
can we do a video with Ko?" because
yeah, I feel like I just prefer to do
videos with my friends because I can
talk to them more instead of just being
on set, you know.
>> I'm curious like any other thoughts on
this like because you also set the
ideas, right, Jordan? You bring them to
Salish or
>> It depends on the scenario. So
>> there's also a big distinction between
these two videos. The video with Ko was
a much more personal video
>> and the video with the Stokes was a
challenge based romp.
>> Yeah.
>> Who cares who wins, right? It's just
like we're having fun
>> and it's silly.
>> We didn't really learn something about
>> sailing. So, there's no personal
connection
>> to the content in comparison to this boy
and whether or not they're dating, going
to date or whatever. That said, it's
slippery slope [snorts]
>> and it's the kind of thing that comes
with the evolution. So, when she was
younger, it's much easier. It's about
braces. Now, she's 15, she's 16. Of
course, she's going to be dating and
she's going to be interested in that.
Not of course, I'm sorry. for her she's
interested and so that's going to be
happening. So then the question is do we
share that as part of the content
because that is relatable to our
audience or do we not? And the way the
way I fall on that if she's comfortable
with it is if we are modeling a healthy
relationship
then I think it's okay. If it's
gamified, I cheated on my boyfriend
while this, you know, or is he cheating
or do I who do I love or whatever, like
if you gify in a way that's not
personal, then I think that's when you
might be uh pushing the boundaries a
bit. So, in this video, if you watch the
ending,
uh the it was like the the whole context
of that video is
>> the dating video.
>> Yeah, the dating video. whole context is
Ko's a really sweet kid and he they had
gone out
>> privately
>> on a official date.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Privately.
>> And then he texted me for real privately
and said, "Can I take her out again?"
Which I thought very respectful.
>> And I said, "Well, that's her decision,
not mine. So, if she says yes, sure."
And he wrote down five. I said, "What do
you guys want to do?" And he wrote down
five things that he would want to do
with her. And then I said to say I said
there's a fun idea here if you want to
do it which is you guys can go on all
five of these dates that he wanted to do
on camera and then and then decide at
the end if you want to go on another
off- camerara date and that's what they
decided to do. So it was kind of a fun
version of dates but it showed their
connection and then at the end they
decided they did want to go on another
date and then that's when I said on
camera we're not going to show that nor
are we really going to touch this
anymore. So we we got to the point where
we showed one version of it and then in
my opinion I don't think we should go
back to that topic
>> because that's when it starts becoming
super personal unless they both want to
do that in which case we will.
>> Did you feel pressure to say yes no
>> to that idea?
>> No, I don't feel pressure from my dad to
say yes because we're very close and I
don't really care if I say no. Like I
know that he won't take it to heart
about his idea so I don't really care.
>> Do you feel pressure from the audience?
Cuz like I I I would feel pressure when
I was your age from the kids around me
in high school.
>> Do you worry about your relationship and
the things about your personal life
changing when you have an experience
like this on camera? Like does any of
that factor in? Cuz I know it would for
me if I was your age.
>> Yeah. I feel like I've definitely
started to like care more about what
people think, I guess. But I still don't
really care. I feel like when we film
it's just like I'm talking to a camera.
I don't think I'm like talking to
millions of people that are watching the
videos. So, I don't really care what
people think. I want people to be happy.
Like, I don't want them to be mad at me
ever. But, if I see like a hate comment,
like, it's okay. I don't really care
that much because I don't know. I just
don't care. And I feel like I'm pretty
confident in like the videos we make.
>> Wow. I saw your response video to some
of the comments about when you guys shut
down the American Dream Mall. Yeah.
>> Take me through that cuz that felt like
a huge inflection point for you guys.
>> Yes.
>> Maybe set the scene. You're launching
Sincerely Yours, your product in
Sephora. [clears throat]
>> You're doing it at the American Dream
Mall.
>> Yeah.
>> Tell me what happened and and tell me
about some of the response and how you
handled that because there's a ton of
commentary on TikTok afterwards.
>> Yeah, definitely. Well, first we we like
started thinking about Sincerely yours
like two years ago. So then we started
formulating it like about a year and a
half ago and really going through the
process and everything and I was
definitely nervous that it wasn't going
to sell or that nobody would care about
it. So that definitely did bring me like
a concern. But then we were flying to
the American Dream Mall to go to the
launch event and I was nervous no one
would show up. And we get there and the
night before we were just doing a
rundown of everything, making sure
everything was good. And there was
already like 20 people waiting outside
and it was probably like 9:00 p.m. 10:00
p.m. And I was like, "Wo, like people
might actually be here." And then I went
to bed and I woke up and I accidentally
woke up late. I woke up with 10 minutes
until we had to leave. And I was
supposed to wake up 2 hours early. But I
woke up and my dad's calling me and he's
like, "There's a lot of people here." So
then I go to the mall and I got taken
through the back way there and I was
like, "Wow." Like the entire mall is
filled up. That's crazy.
>> And and just to put this in perspective,
this is like over 80,000 people.
>> Yes. And not even all the people were
like in the spot that my dad was because
there was another entrance where people
were because there was too many. And I
was like, "That's insane." Then I go out
and I was on stage for like five
minutes. I was telling everybody to like
move back and then I got taken off stage
by the police officers and my dad was
like Salish where are you going because
we still had 20 more minutes and then
they ordered 100 state troopers to come
to the mall because there was too many
people there and I was like wo like this
actually might be dangerous for the
people and I was very concerned and I
just wanted to say hi to everybody and I
felt so bad and I was already like I was
in the back room and I was already
seeing so many Tik Toks about how angry
angry people were. And all I wanted to
do was go outside and say like, "I'm so
sorry. Like, thank you for coming. I
have to go." But then they the police
officer said that they would like find
us for trespassing if we didn't leave in
5 minutes. Oh. Or arrest us. Yeah.
>> The cops would arrest you guys.
>> Yes. They would arrest us.
>> If we went out into the mall to try and
say hi to anybody, they were going to
arrest us.
>> Yeah.
>> For trespassing.
>> And we had 5 minutes to leave.
>> Everybody was there to see you guys.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes.
But what their concern was that there
would be a a this is I can't even
believe I'm saying this, a stampede. We
couldn't go anywhere because everybody
was spread out throughout the mall. They
would all hear that she was there and
they would all come running back and we
they couldn't guarantee everybody's
safety in that situation.
>> Wow.
>> Even the meet and greet, they allowed
her to do it, but basically pushed her
in there without saying hi to anyone
along the way.
>> Yeah. I only got to like I got like 10
seconds with each person and if they
took longer they would be like no you
got to go you got to go and I felt so
incredibly bad
>> because yeah because the line had gotten
very much longer than the meet and greet
line for people waiting. So it was just
overall it was it was an insane thing. I
mean my understanding
>> is that other than the Sidemen uh
Wimblely Stadium events this is the
biggest creator event that's ever
happened. That's that's my
understanding. I mean, I doubt it, but
you know, in terms of the new the new
world of creators, it's like 87,000
people is a ton of people.
>> And we had never done an event before.
We' never done a meet and greet outside
of a VidCon thing.
>> So, we legitimately had no idea who how
many people would be there. We heard
stories about um people flying from all
over the world. One story that got Okay,
so this we we went back the next day.
So, we stayed overnight, posted that we
would be back at the mall. anybody that
came uh that missed seeing us, please
come and say hi. So, we were there and
met a bunch of people and one woman told
me her story. She's a single mom uh
paying her way through college, two
kids, drove down from Canada. All her
kids wanted to do was to like meet
Salish and get a hoodie. And they were
smooshed in the middle of crowds and
there was pushing and shoving. And a lot
of parents lost their minds. I mean, if
you start going through Tik Toks, you'll
hear like parents were pushing kids out
of the way to get their kid in front of
the line. And
these these two girls had just cried all
night, not because they they had she had
spent all her savings to bring them
there. And so when I met her, um, of
course, you know, we got her address to
send her hoodies, did photos of the
kids, I offered to, uh, reimburse her
for her travel and she's absolutely
deni. I I'm still emailing back like,
"Please accept the money." She's like,
"I don't want the money." The fact that
they were able to meet her and get the
hoodies all that mattered, but that's
two people, you know,
>> on the next day.
>> Yeah. The next day,
>> 85,000 people might have left unhappy.
And there was it was just not the best
preparation um from, you know, people
who who we had entrusted to make sure it
went well. And also no way to anticipate
that many people.
>> Yeah. H how did you deal with that,
Salish? I mean, did those negative
comments get to you? Because I I pulled
one up here that came from an adult,
>> you know, and
>> um I'm just curious like like Jordan, do
you shield her from negative comments
like this? Like say, "Do you try to turn
off Tik Tok and YouTube?" Like, um like
this was one that was like, "Oh my god."
>> Hey guys, so I just saw this video. Mind
you, she's been exploited since the day
she was born.
>> What?
>> And here's the thing. You don't know me.
You don't know my dad. And you never
asked us like what the truth is. So,
could you please stop making assumptions
about us? Because it is really hurtful
to say that much bad stuff about my dad
when my dad would never do that. Well, I
mean, God,
>> I think that we got a lot of hate.
Honestly, I think that
it was deserved a little bit because we
couldn't meet up to the standards that
we set. That really made me sad that I
couldn't meet everybody because that was
kind of all I wanted to do. Like I was
telling my dad when they were planning
the event like I want to meet the people
like can we make sure we have like I can
meet them and that was definitely a sad
like I was really sad that we couldn't
meet them. And I also think that people
didn't fully understand the story. Like
they probably just thought we left
because we just wanted to. But then we
made a video about like everything and
what happened and then I think everybody
kind of understood more. But yeah, it
was it was just not a very
>> It was rough.
>> Yeah.
>> I've I've got I've obviously gotten a
lot of hate, right? I mean, like I work
with my daughter, so you're just set up
for oh, you're a bad guy. You work with
your kid. You're take keeping all the
money. you're exploiting her. I that
happens all the time. Uh, a lot of
comments about my age, about the fact
I'm cringe, like all that. None of them
matters. But reading the seeing the Tik
Toks that these kids were upset, that
like that really hurts because like I
value that relationship with them more
than anything on the channel other than
my relationship with her. So, the fact
that we let them down in a way felt like
we let her like I felt emotionally as if
I had let her down and that was really
rough. So that so that part I felt I
felt horrible about. If you watch the
video, you'll see we both felt terrible
the whole time.
>> So if we ever do it again, it'll be
different.
>> Yeah.
>> Is there a part of you as a parent who
doesn't want S to see these comments?
Like I mean these are hard to
internalize like even as an adult.
>> Um like does any part of you want to be
like
>> let's shut this whole YouTube channel
down. Let's end this. Like this this is
like getting too out of hand.
>> I would shut the channel down a second
if I thought it was the better choice
for her. But I think and tell me what
your reaction would be if we did that. I
think it would be really upsetting.
>> Yeah, definitely.
>> It's interesting to hear about like
there's comments about you, Salish, but
there's also comments about you, Jordan,
that that you mentioned. Can I read one
of them?
>> Sure. I bet there's a bunch.
>> Do you watch the videos that are made
about you, the commentary videos?
>> I don't watch them.
>> Um, there's a lot that's said out there.
I think any YouTuber that gets popular.
Um, and I thought it was interesting you
you mentioned like these comments don't
get to you or like they, you know, the
ones that you see. I I I I it would be
hard for me to stomach some of this
stuff. Um, this is a quote from a
YouTube video about you where they said
Jordan Manner might not be the first to
monetize his children for content, but
he represents a worrying trend,
>> one that treats childhood as a commodity
and where privacy is sacrificed for the
sake of YouTube money.
>> What do you say to people who make those
comments?
>> I see their point. like if you're
looking at it from a distance and you
don't know any of the specifics, you
know, yeah, sure. There there is a
trade-off. As a matter of fact, I I I I
would say anybody that sits here and
works with their kid and says it's
great. You don't really I don't know
that. Like I I'm only trying to do
everything I can to make sure that we
give it the best chance of it having
been a positive impact on her life. But
you don't know for sure if her age right
now and as she's evolving in into a a
young woman and her self-perception
and what she values if all of that is
under a microscope every day and
whatever you do she goes out with
somebody and it ends up on TikTok. I
don't necessarily think that that's
great. So there so there is an aspect of
it that is always like we have to manage
that and has a lot to do with who she
is. She specifically somehow is a very
rare person that is able to absorb this
at her age. And I'm not saying like it's
true. Like what she's saying is true.
Like she just doesn't care and she
doesn't care about being famous, right?
I mean like we don't even use that word.
She's not really famous. Like Taylor
Swift is famous. She is very
recognizable to a certain demographic of
people and those people feel very
invested in her life. and we're very
fortunate that they care, but at the
same time, those people don't know the
situation. So, they have no idea what
our relationship is, but there is an
aspect of it that you have to be very
aware of when you're raising kids in in
a public environment.
>> Yeah. I mean, yeah, productions are
chaotic environments, let alone
>> with a father and daughter dynamic later
on.
>> You [clears throat] have the
fatherdaughter dynamic. You have the
fact that we're trying to make a
30-minute video in one day, and we're
doing it every week. So, the creative
process is always rushed. So, we're we
film on Sundays, Saturday, midnight,
we're still working through the
creative, as you saw. We show up. We're
making stuff up. One thing goes wrong.
This build is taking too long. It's
dominoing everything. We're like, "Hurry
up. Hurry up." There's no chance we're
going to finish this video.
Hold on to the trucks. Hold on to the
builds. Hold on to everything. Leave it
somewhere close here. I mean, I don't
really know what else to do. We just
should not stop filming. Either we're
filming her doing stuff in there the
whole time or we're doing, you know, or
we're going to the mall or something cuz
you're just not going to have minutes of
her, I don't think, given the fact that
we got so delayed with the build.
>> Big smile. Sish, ready, guys? Please go.
>> Sish, go.
>> Today was a Today was a super stressful
video.
>> Yeah, it was crazy today.
>> But I kept you away from that because
I'm a good dad.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I didn't want you to feel that
pressure.
>> Thank you. Uh-huh. Okay. So, I guess
we'll end it on that note.
>> That was an unusually frustrating video.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, but I was still frustrated at times.
Um, and I try to separate that out if
I'm if I'm frustrated by something, try
to talk respectfully to the person and
not involve Salish because I'm
absolutely never frustrated with her.
Her her energy and her commitment is
like unbelievable. And I think she often
lifts everybody's up. I remember one
time one time uh I'm telling all these
stories about myself that don't sound
good but it's the truth and everybody
goes through it. I was having a Do you
remember the thing with me and Sandy? Do
you want to tell it?
>> I don't remember the exact words and you
probably remember better.
>> I was I was I my the production partner
Sandy Chase. He and I started the
channel together. We have been doing
this the whole time way before Salish
and uh we we can definitely have a very
um open relationship with each other.
>> Also, it's because you guys are very
close. You've known each other for a
long time.
>> We have short hand on things
>> and if I'm snippy, it's almost always to
him. I'm sorry, Sandy. And but there was
one time I I stepped over the line and I
said something. we were in the room and
and you know she was older now but I
said um some something out of line like
no I'm telling you this needs to happen
now it was like something like that
which is way out of line and Salish who
before would have shut down when she was
younger or got upset or something cuz
she would have she just pulled me
offside she said that whatever's going
with you going on with you you got to
get it together so why don't you get out
of here and figure it out and then come
back when you're ready [laughter] to
film it's like wow. She like put me in
my place. This was a couple years ago,
right? This is you about 13 then.
>> So she had transitioned in that year
from really internalizing it and
thinking it's about her to recognizing
no this is your thing and your thing
that's very inappropriate way to discuss
to talk about this. So go get it
together. And so I came back I
apologized to him. I was super upset
with myself and we moved on.
>> And after that, my dad hasn't really
done anything like that. That was a on a
very rare occasion. Like that doesn't
happen every day. And most of the time,
my dad's very nice because I learned
some of my manners mainly from my dad
and
>> and mom.
His mom is the nicest human in the life.
She would never speak to anybody like
that. So again, Sandy, I'm sorry.
>> Yeah. Um, what other creative
differences or what have been some of
the biggest disagreements you guys have
had? Because I I think naturally between
a father and daughter that happens. Um,
you guys working together must put that
into overdrive.
>> We haven't had too many big
disagreements and I think part of that
is because Rowan, he's the creative
director now and I've known him since I
was born and he kind of helps me through
the video so that it's not my dad
directing me and helping me through
that. And I think that that's made a
huge difference in the creative process
because now I have somebody that's like
my brother helping me instead of my dad.
>> Yeah. I thought that was really
interesting when I was behind the scenes
with you guys. Like you went off to
shoot your bit and your segment. It was
almost this competition between you two
and then you went with Rowan who was
almost like your director and the person
who you were making your content with.
So you guys were actually for a lot of
the shoot in separate places.
>> Yeah. And that part of that is a is a a
YouTube calculation. We have one day to
film. Yeah.
>> Storytelling, but it also makes the
videos longer, which is prioritized by
YouTube. So, and the retention gets
higher because you're cutting back and
forth between two different scenes
versus playing one long scene. Sorry,
just a little bit of YouTube stuff
there. But in terms of the Rowan thing,
that's been critical. and I've just
turned more and more responsibility for
her storyline over to him. And also
Dell, the production manager, is is
she's going back and forth between us,
but she's also she she's the primary
female on set, so she is often with say,
and they're very tight, too. So, she has
these two people plus Colin who's
filming. She usually has this this this
this trifecta of pe of young adults who
are much closer than her age, much more
interested in the stuff she's interested
in, you know, like they're all dating,
for example. I can't really relate to
all that stuff. As Sish is becoming a
young woman, that connection between her
and them is super important.
>> Do you guys feel pressure to shoot more
days? Because like condensing a YouTube
video into one day,
>> like that's a lot. And even when when I
was on set, I saw how much went into
that one day to film that video. Like,
do you ever feel pressure to be like,
"Hey, Sish, we need more time on camera
with you."
>> No, he never asks me really to have more
time, like another day to film or
anything. I think I can, for the most
part, understand like, oh, we need
another day to film this because we've
not gotten everything. So, sometimes we
do like a little bit more, but not
really. He never asks me to do another
day because he understands that I just
want to live my life and be a normal
teenager.
>> It's a deal. It's an agreement we made.
So, I take it really seriously and and
and that's where sometimes if I do get
frustrated, it's usually towards the
last third of the day because things are
slow and I'm and the thing that gets me
is is always
her. Like, she's got to get to sleep.
She's got homework. We need to wrap this
up. And if it if we don't wrap it up
quickly, then she's gonna get a
headache. She's gonna get tired. She's
not going to get dinner. She's not going
to get enough sleep. And so I start
worrying about her. I if I see her,
>> this is also why it's not bad for me to
be over there cuz sometimes
>> because a lot of the Well, you No, go
ahead. A lot of the times like my dad's
not with us and I might be sitting out
for like 5 minutes taking a break
getting water and my dad comes over and
he's like, "Why is she not doing
anything? Like I want her to be able to
go home. Why is she just sitting?" And
that's like exactly when you come like
whenever he comes it will be like I'm
just sitting down and I don't sit down
for most of the day.
>> No, you don't. It's not it's not so much
you sitting down at all.
>> It's just like I'm waiting until we can
start filming.
>> The bigger thing is the expression I
see. If I come in and you guys are
sitting there and you're going I have no
like I will never have a problem with
that. Like sit there for an hour is
totally great because you're you're
you're having a good time. But if you
look tired or if you look like you have
a headache or you tell me that you're
hungry or something,
>> it triggers me because I feel so
protective of her time and her space and
I don't want her to ever feel like
YouTube is a job or anything she doesn't
want to do that then is when I go,
"Okay, we got to get this done right
now." And then that tone then it spirals
because then she sees that I'm
frustrated. It kicks up something from
when she was younger and then all of a
sudden now she's like, "Dad, it's fine."
And then there's a little bit of tension
and it's all because I saw that she
wasn't happy and I feel bad as if she's
I'm as almost as if I'm making her do
something that doesn't make her happy
and I overreact to that moment. So
that's what more and more now especially
towards the end when she might be
getting tired I say Rowan please wrap
this up as soon as possible because we
need to go but I'm going to be over here
so there's no extra tension about that.
Hm. And then you could also continue
shooting your story line. Like it's
almost the way you set up the format of
the episodes give you more time if
Salish can't shoot as much.
>> Right. If we do a if we do a video for
example where we're doing two different
locations or something, I might be able
to go back to that location another
time. But usually we wrap together so I
can bring her home.
>> Got it. Um, another moment from that
shoot that has just like stuck in my
heart. Um I
>> [laughter]
>> uhoh
>> like can I can I play this? Like this is
>> Oh no.
>> This
>> Can you not start crying if you watch
this?
>> I'm not going to cry watching myself
cry. I promise.
>> Like I I I'm not I'm not kidding. Like I
I I couldn't believe um just how just
yeah like emotional this moment was on
on set and and seeing you start crying
Jordan like and talking about what you
did. I'm just wondering if you could
play the clip and maybe elaborate on on
some of that. Um,
>> every week I'm making a memory with my
daughter and the fact is is I know
there's more memories in the past than
there are in the future with this
content. Okay.
>> Wow.
>> Sorry.
>> That's beautiful, Jordan.
>> No, it's it's just like it's so special.
like she can't see me do this because
it's like too emotional for her. But I
what I get to do is I get to be with her
every week
creating something that resonates with
people and it's like we get to bond and
it's like there's so many memories like
if you look back it started when she was
10 or eight or something. It's like the
memories there I will look back and
forever.
My only fear is that she looked later
and say that she didn't enjoy that.
Yeah,
>> that's why everything is built to make
sure that she does.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, I'm crying. Don't look.
>> No, it's good. You weren't supposed to
be here.
>> Why are you crying?
>> Just cuz I started Okay, the truth is I
started talking about what it would be
like when we do our last video.
>> Rowan, he's crying.
>> He said he started talking about what
it's going to be like on our last video.
>> I got busted. I cannot believe she just
caught me. Like, I did not see her. I
saw your eyes. I was like, "What's he
looking at? What's he looking at? And
then suddenly S. There's nothing more
cringe for a teen than seeing their
parent cry about them.
>> Seeing your dad get emotional. It
doesn't get you choked up.
>> No.
>> That's so weird. I don't like when he
cries.
>> That is getting me choked up. Like
>> I think it's going to be sad when we
film our last video.
>> But I won't cry thinking about it. I
mean, I think
>> he's just being a little weird.
[laughter]
>> Okay. Okay.
Um Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
>> No, that thing about the thing if the
the thing about you uh regretting it is
that that's really always been my
driving thing.
>> Mhm.
>> I thought her reaction was funny.
>> You were not having it.
>> Yes. [laughter] Because
>> what teen would be.
>> Yeah.
>> That's rough. I mean, look, let's give
Salish an insane amount of credit
because every week I get on camera and I
do stuff that is embarrassingly cringe.
even if I'm trying to be the coolest
person possible. She's a 15year-old who
every week does a video with her dad and
her dad is not chill. It's like I'm not
a cool chill guy. I'm over the top guy.
That's embarrassing. And the fact that
she's willing to put that out there to
so many people every week says that we
do have a bond and that she and also
says she's confident enough in herself
to allow that person to uh to exist in
her hemisphere and be proud of him
still. stuff like that, however,
[laughter]
she will not tolerate as easily. So,
that kind of thing never happens in our
videos. [snorts]
>> Sish, do you ever just want to spend
time with your dad like not making
YouTube videos?
>> Yeah, of course.
>> And and what does that look like? Cuz
like seeing that, you know, I I I have a
daughter and I think about when she gets
older, she's going to have so many other
commitments, you know, whatever
extracurricular she does, her friends.
Um, and you only have so many years with
them at home. Um,
>> like, yeah. How do you think about this
built-in day where you make YouTube
videos together? Um, do you wish you
guys were doing something off camera? Do
you like that it exists? Like what
what's your take on that?
>> I think like we don't only hang out when
we film Sundays. It definitely has
brought us a lot closer because like
when we lived in New York and he wasn't
filming with me, like I didn't really
get to see him too much because he was
always working, which wasn't a bad
thing. I've gotten so close to him now.
So, I'm so lucky that we can do YouTube
videos every Sunday. And I think that
like I don't have to build in time to
hang out with him. It kind of just
happens inevitably. Like he just like
takes me to Target or like we just do
random things. And even though I'm I'm
like pretty busy and I kind of always
have something going on, I always like
allow my dad into that and let him come
with me for whatever.
Is there anything that's off limits like
in terms of filming? And
>> I think that a couple of my
relationships I've kept it's kind of
private like my school friends or like
my sports friends like I don't put them
on the internet because I think that
just kind of make us uncomfortable and
yeah.
>> How do you think about that? like as
sales as you grow older like there's
more things that are private for
>> and there's pressure with the algorithm
on YouTube to make it public and a lot
of people feel any pressure about yeah
tell me how you wrestle with them
>> as long as she is enjoying making the
videos I don't care what we're making
them about she can set any parameter she
wants and I'll work within them she
could say I want to do all white room
videos and I just want you to direct or
I want you to be over there watching and
I would be totally happy with that as
long as we get to spend the time
together and she's having fun. You know,
like we a few months ago, it might have
been longer than that, but you know, we
went for a drive to Fresno. It was a
5-hour drive, right?
>> Mhm.
>> And she's teen girl, never picked up her
phone, you know, we just yapped for five
straight hours. It was awesome. I I it's
like to to have the kind of relationship
where we can get in a car and we're like
there was a time recently where I don't
know if you remember this these people
that watch our videos saw us at Target
and they were behind us and we were
pushing the carah and they came up and
they said oh my god you're just like you
are in the videos and to me that is the
biggest compliment because we don't
really put on anything. I think we
probably I add maybe 20% energy. You
might add like 30 or 40% more energy,
but it's the same relationship. It's
just amplified a bit because it's
entertainment, but it's the same core of
who we are.
>> Yeah. Do you guys have an exit plan?
Like, you know, s do you think you'll
ever call it quits or or what happens if
one day you're like, "Dad, I don't want
to make YouTube videos anymore."
>> Question. I don't think I'm really ever
going to unless like I go to like like I
really I think I want to go to college
and I don't know how I'm gonna still be
making YouTube videos then. I really
obviously want to and that's a huge part
of like what I'm thinking about like
what I've been thinking about recently
because I love filming so much. But I
don't think I would ever randomly just
be like, "Hey, like I don't want to do
YouTube videos anymore because yeah, I
don't know."
>> But but it might get harder. I mean, if
you go to college somewhere like away
from where you live, like logistically.
>> Well, I mean, I'm going to be in the
dorm next door. I mean, that's obvious.
[laughter]
>> No, one of one of we have talked about
an exit strategy, and this is something
that I I would say I've only recently
become comfortable saying that I think
she's in this for a bit as opposed to
I've always felt up until this point
that it's it at any point she might say
I, you know, I want to try other things.
But we do have an exit strategy and and
I think part of the exit strategy is the
fact that I also think we can't just
stop suddenly because of the audience.
>> That would be I mean when you hear the
reception at the mall,
>> they're invested and we really really um
we respect that and we definitely uh
feel grateful for it. So if we were to
do that, we'd almost have to let them
ease out of it as much as we'd need to
ease out of it. So, we've talked about
like a long and hey, in January at the
end of this year, we're we're going to
maybe stop doing YouTube for this
reason. And then so then they they know,
okay, farewell tour.
>> The farewell tour on YouTube.
>> If you decide to call it quits.
>> Exactly. I mean, there's there's always
a you know, it's going to call quits at
some point. That's what I was saying. I
think I don't think there's going to be
another five years of it because she's
going to be going to college. Maybe it's
up to her in a few years. So, at some
point, it's either the channel is just
going to start doing this and then every
creator has to make that decision. Do we
just keep going and going even though
nobody's interested anymore? Um, and I
think if we're having fun, why not? Um,
or she might decide she doesn't want to
do it, in which case we have to
strategize about that.
>> Have you come close to thinking that?
Like,
>> no. I think that if I
>> I don't know. I've also been thinking
about college a lot recently because I
mean next year I'm like gonna have to
start like really thinking about like
what college I want to go to and all of
that stuff. And up until this point,
I've really wanted to go to college and
I still really do. But I've been
thinking about maybe like just a little
bit because I love filming so much that
I don't want it to just end like just
because I have to go to college. And
yeah,
>> and I think that
when she said first of all that makes me
so happy. You have no idea. But when she
says that, I think that's primarily
because of the environment of the shoot.
And we are also
very aware that we are in an incredible
moment. We talk about it all the time
like we have built somehow
one of the very top channels on the
platform and
this doesn't happen and it probably when
we go like this it won't happen again.
So we should really enjoy where we're at
right now.
Ironically we're never seen as one of
the top channels.
every you go you're invited to every
single YouTube event. How often do you
see me there? It's not because I'm
turning them down. It's because I'm not
invited.
Never invited. And the reason I'm not
invited is because I'm working with my
daughter. And so it's it's about the
perception of that and what that
represents because of all the negativity
surrounding it. Even though what we're
doing is very algorithm, YouTube driven,
it's very,
you know, friendly, advertiser friendly
content, it's very popular, but it
doesn't fit in the demo of of how
YouTube represents itself. So other
YouTubers don't really think of us as So
I think that event was the first time
>> the Sephora.
>> Yeah. The first time where people like,
wait,
>> that doubled Mr. Beast? Who are you?
Like who who is she? The articles are
like, I don't even know who this person
is.
>> Yeah.
>> And she got she filled Metife Stadium.
She got 87,000 people there and I have
no clue who she is. And it so it didn't
just help our brand. It also just
brought focus and attention to not just
YouTubers, but specifically to the
family genre
>> and the deep connection that people feel
to family creators.
>> Do you feel disrespected by other
YouTubers because you guys are a family?
disrespected. I feel ignored and I don't
even have a problem with it. I get it. I
get it. You know, I do. But um
>> why why
>> just because
I think people look at say and they're
like, "Yeah, of course she's funny." You
know, and it's only kids that are
watching you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They're
all under 10, so that's easy. But me, I
I I do serious content that 15-year-olds
watch, right? It's not true. None of
it's true. I mean, adults watch our
content, teens watch our content, kids,
like everybody watches it. It's just the
perception and we don't pay attention to
perception. So, instead, we pay
attention to the audience. And so, we
build the audience, but we haven't built
the relationship with the creator
community in the way that they would
give back.
>> What has been the craziest thing that's
happened since that American Dream Mall,
87,000 people, like massive crowd? Like
has there been people reaching out that
you would have never expected? Have
there been deals? Like that was a
moment.
>> Yeah,
>> that was a moment. Like
>> what's been the most exciting thing that
has happened other than your product
selling out in Sephora, which was, you
know, was the the the big point of the
event, but any other like deals or in
like, oh my god, I can't believe that
person's reaching out.
>> I mean, definitely a lot of them. Um, I
don't know. Can I say I mean like there
have been so many things that have come
up recently which
>> I think it's a tough moment to say it
right because there's a lot of
opportunities that are coming in for her
and for the channel and to know which
ones we're going to go with and but a
lot of stuff I'll say that we had some
meetings scheduled for um with Netflix
and Disney and others in terms of uh
shows. So I I can't say what but that
and they were already scheduled but
after the event uh the people that
attended those meetings were the
decision makers
>> and decisions were made very quickly in
our favor um but within minutes after
the meetings um offers were made and
that doesn't happen and I think a lot of
it has to do with the perception that
you it's hard to argue anymore that she
and we have made an impact on a lot of
people And now people are trying to
monetize that and we are not interested
in that or at least she isn't. So
there's a lot of huge offers that you
would have never imagined would be a
reality and that we're not going to do
it.
>> Wow. Has there been anything you've been
chasing to get that has now come in your
lap because of this American Dream Mall
87,000 people crowd? Like
>> your singing career?
>> Your singing career? [laughter]
>> I hate that.
>> No, I don't have a singing career. Wait,
what's that?
>> Can you guys cue one of her uh
[laughter]
>> cue one of her songs out? Okay.
>> Um
>> what labels are reaching out to turn you
into
>> No.
>> an artist?
>> Actually, yes.
>> No.
>> But do you sing Salish?
>> No, I don't.
>> But that doesn't they don't care
>> because do you have a massive audience?
>> Yes.
>> So they're like, let us
>> She's already got an offer to for with a
major uh recording label to just put out
some songs there. They're like, "We'll
make it sound good and then we can teach
you how to sing for a tour." She's like,
and she said, quote, "I can't think of
the name I want to do less than that."
[laughter]
So that's So what what you have there is
a label saying, "Hey, we want to turn
you into the next Sabrina Carpenter or
whatever." And her going, "Nah,
yep. That's that's her."
>> Is any of that appealing though? Like I
imagine a lot of kids your age talk
about Sabrina Carpenter being the next
big pop star. like like just to know
that that could be a reality that you
live in.
>> Yeah, I think that that's like so cool
that they want me to do that and I've
never had any background with singing,
but I think just singing is something
that I really would not want to do or
pursue. So yeah,
>> it is it is an interesting commentary on
the industry that it's like is audience
more important than talent?
>> I don't even think there's a question.
>> Yeah. like not not to come like because
you said it yourself like singing is not
one of your many talents but that
because of your massive audience they're
willing to make an exception.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> the way I see all this is um our
foundation and our priority is making
videos. I don't see where anything could
get better than that. You know I mean I
love that she has opportunities if she
chooses to pursue them. She wants to be
an actor, singer, whatever. I think the
door will be open for a while.
But we get to make our own rules. It we
we get more views than most shows. We
have an audience built in and we get to
do it the way we want to do it with no
pressure.
>> There isn't a lot that anybody can offer
us other than that. As long as we stay
true to that and still make videos that
the audience enjoys and that and that
touches them. We try to make videos that
resonate that have a message that
parents can appreciate what we're saying
so that it's not just pure popcorn
entertainment. And what I see for her is
in a way somewhat similar to what my son
is doing. So my son Hudson has has
worked on our channel also created his
own YouTube channel. It was really
successful and then he has now branched
out to create a company called NextWave
Media which is a consulting company and
it consults brands and celebrities on
being YouTubers. I think that's
brilliant. like he rather than chasing
the the the Jimmy route of like I want
to be a bigger and bigger creator
because he saw there's a shelf life and
he saw there's no exit to that if you're
not in the video you're not making money
and you're you're not you know and so
he's taking that opportunity and he's
building into a business and I think
that Salish is also doing that with
sincerely yours and will have other
opportunities to do it as well where she
she's has a platform and then she can
say okay I've started a company and I
have a platform
I can do this, this, or this now. And
she can kind of call the shots and he
can call the shots. That's what's great
about YouTube and social media now is
once you find success,
you have endless opportunities to create
your own thing.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I did want to talk about
Hudson like your brother um cuz he is
like so smart at YouTube like he is very
sharp. Um, and I wanted to ask like
Sish, is there any jealousy between you
and your brother Hudson with you being
the star of the channel and him having a
separate channel?
>> Um, no, not really because Hudson has
created so many incredible things that I
couldn't create and I've created some
things that he doesn't want to create.
And I think that we do very different
things even though we're in the same
kind of space. It's like he just created
a um business about YouTube, but I don't
know if I could create that cool of a
business. So, I think we both definitely
have different things that we're good
at.
>> Yeah, your content is totally different.
>> Yeah, definitely.
>> Um, was there a moment, Jordan, where
you ever consider making Hudson a bigger
part of the channel? Cuz there there was
a few videos that I pulled up here of
when Hudson was on your channel and they
actually performed really well and I'm
wondering like h how did like and and
Salish was in videos later. How did you
like end up with Salish being part of
your channel versus Hudson having a
separate channel despite his videos
doing really well?
>> Yeah.
>> On your channel.
>> Well,
the the question of whether or not I
considered it almost suggests like a a
calculation that there wasn't. So, it
wasn't like I said, "Oh, I need to I
need to pivot away from photography and
which one of my kids am I gonna make
into the channel, you know, face of the
channel." It that wasn't it. It was that
at the time that she and I started
working together, Hudson was not
interested in YouTube. He was interested
in politics.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. He was, if you look back, Hudson
matter politics. Uh
>> yes. So many videos. He was wearing his
suit
>> his suits and he was doing he was doing
politics videos. He he was a political
commentary.
>> He was a volunteer, a political
volunteer
um when he was Salish's age and
canvasing. He ran a whole group. He was
the in charge of it was Michael
Bloomberg in New York and he was in
charge of the whole Bloomberg campaign
for a certain region. So
>> that was his interest. So when she and I
were working together, he he had no
interest in being in the YouTube in the
channel at all. And you'll see he's not
really in it at that se that time. Since
that he made his own channel, but he
wants to do his own thing. And I think
part of his his the way he sees all of
this is, okay, you guys have done your
thing. I don't want you dad to help me.
I want to know that I did this on my
own. And he's able to do it on his own
in a way that when he is able to reach
the success he wants, he will know he
did that without any help from me. None.
He will not accept it. He will not
accept any financing. He will not accept
any advice or any connections or
anything. So he really feels strong
about doing it on his own. I I I respect
that.
>> If Sish is a star of the YouTube
channel, why is the channel called
Jordan Mander?
>> Great question. People have asked me
that a lot. What do you think?
>> Well, I mean, I think that like I have
made like the joke like, "Oh, it's my
YouTube channel." But it's obviously is
my dad's. Even as much as I work like on
Sundays, I think that my dad should
always get a lot of the credit because
he is the one doing so much of the work.
So, I mean, I think that's a big part of
why it's still called Jordan Matter and
it's just more recognizable for people
like it's been Jordan Matter for like 10
years. So, why would I change it to
Salish Matter? Why would my dad change
it? It just doesn't make sense.
>> Has there been discussion to change it
to Jordan and Salish Matter? That way
you kind of maintain existing brand and
what the brand has become.
>> I think it's a funny bit to keep going
on with because people get so worked up
about it like it's her channel and we
kind of fuel that because I think
there's a lot of fun stuff where what we
argue about I also argue with the
audience about so I'm like it's not her
channel it's got my name on it and then
everybody's like no it's her channel. No
it's her channel. And so then there's um
it it sparks this team Jordan versus
team Salish thing which I think the
audience absolutely loves and we love it
too because we're very competitive with
as individuals and with each other.
>> So then when we are also putting out
that it's her channel, it's my channel.
It's just another aspect of competition.
So
>> yeah. Yeah, I saw that firsthand on on
set when we were shooting together.
>> The competitive part.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. You guys were going at
it. I was like, wait, this is real. This
is
>> Yeah. I also want to break it down
because you guys are getting 75 million
views in a week, 300 million views in a
month. And I think there's a ton of
things that non-family or kid channels
can learn from you guys about YouTube.
I'm wondering like if you could break
down some of your past videos. We
analyze your different formats like any
YouTube strategy tips that you guys have
that you talk about. Um because I think
you've mastered that in a way that you
know a lot of people don't give you
credit for. Um, one of the things that I
think we do really well, and most
channels don't do this is the variety of
content we make. So, usually if you
think of your favorite YouTuber, you're
going to immediately know the video
they're going to post next week. Like,
you just know it. You don't know the
exact title, but you know what it's
going to look like. And we avoid that as
much as possible. So, for us, one time
will be a vlog about what the American
Dream Mall was like, and then the next
week it's a game of clue, which is uh
completely opposite. And then there's a
vlog about, you know, her morning
routine and then she builds a secret
room and there's all these different
we're incorporating all of it.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think so, so my feeling is each
video should be a surprise to the
audience and don't worry about the fact
that it may or may not get views.
Remember one time Salish the first
suggestion for a video she ever made,
what were you 10 for morning routine?
And she said, "We should do a morning
routine." I said, "Oh, say that's so
2017." Like nobody does anymore. I said,
"Okay, we'll do it because you suggested
and you want to do it and so for sure,
but I just don't want you to think it's
going to do well." [snorts]
>> Ended up being a one out of 10 and it
got 30 million views. And what that what
then that opened up the floodgates to
all kinds of night routine, day in the
life video content that we wouldn't have
done if we hadn't rolled the dice
because that wasn't anything like what
we were doing before that. And sometimes
you got to take a chance and try
something different because it might
light a spark. Hm. What other tips or
like like when it comes to clipping or
you know your videos like I was on set
for the production was just very uh
methodical like anything that sales
you've learned or Jordan you've learned
from your experience that you think
other creators could apply to their
videos.
>> Clipping uh we found that the audience
likes to clip our content a lot. So now
we are aware that there might be certain
kinds of content they like to clip more.
So we try to incorporate clipable
moments into every video so that they
have some fun stuff to clip. And so
Salish had a huge presence on Tik Tok
having no Tik Tok account.
>> Oh, you don't have a Tik Tok account
whatsoever.
>> Now I do, but I didn't.
>> Yeah, it was recent. She kept getting
banned Tik Tok. So she could she just
couldn't do Tik Tok? Which is like,
okay, that's fine. But if you looked up
Salish on TikTok, there were literally
thousands of accounts, but none of them
were her
>> like imposter accounts and people making
>> or fan accounts or whatever, you know,
like people that were celebrating the
content is the way we see it and they
were reposting it. And then not just um
salish accounts, but just kind of
anybody was. So, so we realized, for
example, some of these videos, uh, the
trapped video here, trapped in a tiny
room, boys and girls trapped in a tiny
room went insanely viral on TikTok due
to a lie detector test at the end. And
our number one traffic source was search
above browse above suggested. It was
search and it was a massive one out of
10. Usually, if you have search traffic,
it means nobody can find the video and
it's a it's a dud. It was because so
much traffic was coming from Tik Tok due
to all the clips, right?
>> So finding what your audience likes and
then creating clippable content for them
to repurpose without you having to do it
is really great.
>> Was there an example in the Sephora
shoot that I went behind the scenes of
that you guys were like, "Oh, this is a
moment that we're going to make for a
clip."
>> We haven't posted, as of the filming, we
haven't posted that yet.
>> Oh, you don't show the final edits to
Salish?
>> She won't look at them.
>> Why?
>> I don't like watching myself.
>> You don't Will you watch the final
episode once it's on YouTube?
>> Mm-
>> No, [clears throat]
she only sees it if it's on Tik Tok. see
it on Tik Tok and sometimes I'm like,
"Wait, why did you put that in
[laughter] cuz sometimes I say something
like that I wouldn't expect them to keep
in and then they keep it in like
>> was it you know the classic example of
that? Do you remember that with Nadal?
>> Do you want to quit right now because
you're too scared and take the money
you've earned?"
>> Yeah, but it wouldn't be a long enough
video. So, no.
>> [laughter]
>> It was like
>> and I wouldn't expect them to keep that
in.
>> Like it's full on like it needs to be 30
minutes for the algorithm. Dad, I know
you only have like a 20-minute video, so
we got to shoot this scene and we left
it in.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And and then another, you know,
another thing is authenticity is huge,
right? So the au here's a great example
of authenticity. We have this thing
called the Matter Cup. It's a
competition. It's a trophy. Yeah.
>> Um and I I had a feeling she would think
it was cringe, so I didn't tell her we
were going to do it. And what happened
was I had it behind my back and I said,
"This week we're gonna play for the
Matter Cup." And I revealed it and she
had this reaction like, "No, wait, what?
No, that is so cringe." And we left that
in. [snorts] And and the thing is, if
you think about YouTube, you think of a
family, you think about kids, what you'd
expect is for the kids to go, "Yeah,
Matter Cup, I'm going to win. Yeah." But
that is so inauthentic to her or to her
age group that if she had done that,
people would be like, "Oh, really? you
care about that and you're a team. So
instead, we left in the au authentic
reaction of her going, "That's cringe."
Now [snorts] it's become a big thing.
Everybody comes up to me and they're
like, "Matter cup is cringe and I'm team
Salish." And then they run away
[laughter]
and it has made her more authentic just
because that's who she is and we've kept
that part of her in.
>> Yeah. Even though it's a big trophy and
big like really but a 15-year-old car.
It's like it's like the kind of thing
the dad cares about that the kid
doesn't. So we just made it super
authentic. And then the last thing I'll
say because we haven't talked a lot
about actual I mean we we are not
reliant on her being charming to get
views. We're reliant on understanding
the audience's expectations and the
algorithm and that's that's what leads
to the retention. So what we found is
that the the way I would say it is this.
I've talked to a bunch of creators about
this. Here's my formula. 80% of the
success of a video is the packaging.
It's the concept, right? It is the
thumbnail and title. 80% cuz if they
don't click it, they're not going to
watch it. 20% is the actual execution.
Of that 20%, 80% of that is the
retention device. So really, the way I
say it often is by the time we show up
on set, we've already made we've the
video is already successful or not based
on what we chose to film.
>> The rest of it is just window dressing.
But if you're going to focus on
something, focus on giving people a
reason why they need to watch to the
end, the first 30 seconds. And then make
sure you get the length out so you get
the AVD the APV above 50% but the AVD at
least I'd say at least 10 minutes
probably more like 15 minutes.
>> Um you've been the king of pivots in
many ways like before Salish came on the
channel you were doing the 10-minute
challenges before then you were doing
head shot. Um like what advice do you
have for YouTubers who are a bit older
maybe stuck in their jobs or stuck in
you know a rut like contentwise to find
their thing in the way that you have
like so much later in life?
Is he calling me old? That sounded like
you. So that that was He was like
basically trying to say, "You're old.
How are you so old and you're still
doing this? You must have pivoted like a
thousand times, right?" [laughter]
>> Yeah. Off camera. John said at least
this three times. You know, if I had
blanket your age, I'll be really happy.
Your age, if I can still
Oh my god.
>> You'll have it.
>> No. No. Honestly, it's so I would say in
terms of all the old people out there,
the plus Well, I'm I'm like what? I
think I'm almost 30. So like the you
know the 30 plus
>> Sorry. Sorry. I don't know.
>> Somebody replay that reaction. Anybody
get a closeup of that? No. Okay. Yeah,
you got your camera.
Anyway, uh I would the the the idea of
pivoting is I I learned from Hudson.
Tell you a brief story. When he was 10
and I was just starting YouTube and he
gave me this advice. He said, "If you're
lucky enough to get successful on
YouTube, it's because you found a lane.
But if you leave that lane, people are
going to stop watching because that's
not why they're there. But if you stay
in the lane too long, they're going to
get bored and they stop watching. So
what you have to do is expand the lane
while staying in it. It's like first of
all, pretty great advice from a
10-year-old. So he always knew YouTube.
And then second of all, just great
advice. So what we did is the lane was
photography and then eventually it was
photographing Salish and then also it
was like 10-minute challenges, then
photographing celebrities, then
photographing salish, then no
photographing. So it was pivoting but
not like I didn't go to cooking. I
stayed within the lane and then it just
kind of went this way slowly and before
you know
>> same highway different.
>> Same highway different lane.
>> And then how did you ultimately like do
do you feel like you have to choose a
lane that's close enough to what you did
before before you go from photography
challenges to fatherdaughter content?
>> Yes, if if if you can. It's not always
easy but yeah if you can. And then um we
continue to pivot. like she is 15,
you're going to be 16. That's a lot
different content from when it was 10.
But one thing has stayed the consistent,
two things. One is that it's always been
about relationships more than about um
challenges, even though it's a challenge
based channel. And number two,
collaborations
still. And most of the collaborations,
it's not like they it's not that they're
not on the thumbnails, but mo even
though you don't see her and hardly
anybody but her in any of these,
>> most all of them had a collaborator.
>> Mhm. Yeah.
>> So, so we like to always work with
different people. It keeps it fresh, but
also you get into their algorithm.
>> So, if you're start
influences, you get to understand their
process and uh you all share each
other's algorithm.
>> Um I'm curious like just to wrap, what
what's been the biggest thing you guys
have learned from each other? I know as
a dad now like I'm learning more and
more from my uh daughter and she's only
two. Like I'm wondering um Jordan,
what's something you've learned from
Salish? And and Salish, what's something
you've learned from Jordan?
>> I mean, okay. So, I've learned a lot
from Salish. So, uh, what I would say
pro the first thing that came to mind is
not necessarily the biggest thing I've
learned, but the first thing I came to
mind odds coming from an adult learning
this from a kid, but don't be so
concerned about what other people think
is is
at the core of I think why it's so
enjoyable to wa to work with her and and
to watch her on camera on screen.
>> What about you, Sish? Um, I think I've
learned so much from my dad, but I think
the top thing is hard work and
dedication because I mean, we haven't
really missed a video in a while. And
it's like he has so much drive every
week. Even like if he hasn't thought of
a video idea, even if it's two days
before, he still works hard so that we
can film on Sunday.
>> And And why like you guys are set? Like
why? Like why work at this? It's like
why why you know you guys could be
spending time and making those memories
that are so important off camera. Like
why so hard of this?
>> It it's not it's not work. I mean
there's
>> you work your ass off during Saturday.
I'm working my butt off. Sunday is a
vacation day. Sunday I get to hang out
with her and film.
>> So if we didn't film on Sundays, there
could be a lot of Sundays where she
makes plans with her friends or
something. I think I think the fact that
we film actually keeps us closer
together. It's not the opposite. It's
not like we would dedicate the whole
Sunday and go for a walk and talk about
our feelings on the beach. We would be
doing our own thing maybe. So I first of
all I I see Sundays as as critical
because it's another memory I get to
build. And like I said earlier, I only
have so many of them. So that's the
number one thing that drives me is I
just realize this is a very unique
moment and very special and I want to
take advantage of it every week.
>> I'll give you guys a final word like
where do things go from here? Like any
big swings for the future? Like I know
you guys have done such a great job of
pivoting before you've had to with your
content. I'm just curious like what do
the next like few years hold for Salish
and and Jordan Matter?
>> I'd say for me as weird as this sounds I
don't know. You would think that we
would be fully super calculated like you
know you you meet Jimmy and he's like oh
we're going to do this and then three
years this and we got five year this and
a 10 year this. And for me I've always
built it into I want her to have an exit
ramp anytime she wants it. So, it's very
hard to build long-term plans if I'm
also saying I don't want you to feel
pressured to have to do this if you
don't enjoy it. So, we're really going
to push hard on sincerely yours, I
think.
>> Yeah. And that feels really exciting.
The reception has been incredible. I
think it's a real gift back to our
community and it could be super uh
popular product. So, that's probably
where we're going to focus. And other
than that, just making the best video we
can every week.
>> And S, any thoughts from you to close it
out?
>> I think the same thing as him. I also
Yeah, I think the same thing as him.
>> And she just wants to end by saying how
grateful she is, how much she loves me,
and she wants to give me a big hug right
now to end it. [laughter]
>> Okay, that
>> the hugging thing is like something that
just goes away at a certain point.
Parents out there, just so you know, it
happens. Here we go. One more. Okay,
>> keep that head small.
>> Okay, we'll just do the hug.
>> YEAH.
>> OH, WA. WAIT, GET THIS ON CAMERA. DID
YOU SEE THAT WAS ACTUALLY SHE ALMOST DID
A HUG. DID YOU SEE LIKE THE HAND HALFWAY
HUG? I got a halfway hug.
>> Hi, Dad.
>> Yeah, it won't happen for you for a
while, but I saw Oh my gosh. I saw an
Instagram of all of these clips of you
giving me a hug when you were so young
and like just like falling asleep, my
arms and everything. And like,
>> how do they have those clips?
>> Well, not clips, like photos that I've
posted wherever, you know? So, uh, and
then it doesn't happen anymore. But, but
it gets better. It actually gets better.
I would not trade 8-year-old or
six-year-old Salish for 15-year-old
Salish. 15-year-old Salish is my
favorite Salish. 19-year-old Hudson is
my favorite Hudson. It just gets better
every year.
>> I mean, as a parent, that's amazing to
hear. I I just appreciate you guys for
being so open and honest and sish, you
making this one of your first podcast
talking about all this stuff. I know
it's not easy, but uh I'm so grateful.
And Jordan, thanks for coming on the
show again and being such a just a
mentor and and and support um and so
many things I've been trying to do. It's
means a lot.
>> You're welcome. It's weird being your
mentor as I'm younger than you, but I
guess that, you know, that happens. I've
achieved a lot at a young age.
>> Imagine where I'm going to go when I'm
30 and 40. It's going to be crazy.
[laughter]
>> If you haven't already, go to
ytackpack.com to get our free YouTube
hackpack with all our best tools, tips,
and templates to grow on YouTube today.
From our intro and thumbnail templates
to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we
constantly update it as we interview
more creators so you get the latest and
greatest for free. All right, thanks for
watching.